README.md, before:

# Alexa Skill using AWS Lambda in Typescript

This is a sample Alexa Skill handler based on [aws-lambda-typescript](https://github.com/balassy/aws-lambda-typescript).

## Setup

1. Install the [Serverless Application Framework](https://serverless.com/) as a globally available package:

```bash
$ npm install serverless -g
```

Verify that Serverless was installed correctly:

```bash
$ serverless -v
```

2. Setup AWS credentials:

Save the credentials to the `~/.aws/credentials` file:

```bash
serverless config credentials --provider aws --key YOUR_ACCESS_KEY --secret YOUR_SECRET_KEY
```

The `default` profile will be used by default. If you want to use another, you can pass the `--aws-profile` argument to the `serverless` commands. E.g.:

```sh
serverless deploy --aws-profile Work
```

3. Clone this repository.

4. Install the dependencies:

```bash
$ npm install
```

5. Customize the name of your service by changing the following line in the `serverless.yml` file:

```yaml
service: serverless-sample
```

6. Customize the alexa skill id by changing the following line in the `serverless.yml` file:

```yaml
      - alexaSkill: amzn1.ask.skill.xx-xx-xx-xx-xx
```

## Developer tasks

For more info, check `package.json` and [the aws-lambda-typescript documentation](https://github.com/balassy/aws-lambda-typescript#developer-tasks).

## What you can find in the code

The project contains the base structure of a project, with a dummy handler for the `LaunchRequest` intent which responds with `"Hello, world!"`.

## TODO

- Add example test, ideally with [lambda-tester](https://github.com/vandium-io/lambda-tester), but currently it doesn't have a Typescript definition
- Fix `devDependencies` being packaged as well

## Read more

- [aws-lambda-typescript](https://github.com/balassy/aws-lambda-typescript)
- [Serverless Reference](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/)
- [Serverless.yml Reference](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/serverless.yml/)

## License

Open sourced under the [MIT license](./LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Added http handler to be used during development (instead of always deploying the lambda function)

README.md, after:

# Alexa Skill using AWS Lambda in Typescript

This is a sample Alexa Skill handler based on [aws-lambda-typescript](https://github.com/balassy/aws-lambda-typescript).

## Setup

1. Install the [Serverless Application Framework](https://serverless.com/) as a globally available package:

```bash
$ npm install serverless -g
```

Verify that Serverless was installed correctly:

```bash
$ serverless -v
```

2. Setup AWS credentials:

Save the credentials to the `~/.aws/credentials` file:

```bash
serverless config credentials --provider aws --key YOUR_ACCESS_KEY --secret YOUR_SECRET_KEY
```

The `default` profile will be used by default. If you want to use another, you can pass the `--aws-profile` argument to the `serverless` commands. E.g.:

```sh
serverless deploy --aws-profile Work
```

3. Clone this repository.

4. Install the dependencies:

```bash
$ npm install
```

5. Customize the name of your service by changing the following line in the `serverless.yml` file:

```yaml
service: serverless-sample
```

6. Customize the alexa skill id by changing the following line in the `serverless.yml` file:

```yaml
      - alexaSkill: amzn1.ask.skill.xx-xx-xx-xx-xx
```

## Local development

During development, it's a pain to always have to deploy your lambda function to see your changes.
There is a better way, you can connect Alexa to your local environment instead of Lambda, without having to make any modifications to your Lambda functions.

1. First, we will need an HTTPS endpoint. You can use [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) for this (it's free), or any other similar tools.

```bash
$ ./ngrok http 3980 
```

This will give you an HTTPS endpoint which will proxy all requests to your local server (something like `https://84f7599f.ngrok.io`).

2. Go to [your skill's dashboard](https://developer.amazon.com/alexa/console) at the Endpoint section.

- Instead of `AWS Lambda ARN`, select `HTTPS`.
- Now copy the https url from `ngrok` and paste it in the `Default Region` field.
- For the `SSL certificate type`, make sure you select `My development endpoint is a sub-domain of a domain that has a wildcard certificate from a certificate authority`, otherwise it will not work.
- Save the changes in the Alexa developer console.

3. Inside the project, run `npm start`. This will start a local http server using `nodemon` which will serve your lambda function.

Now, Alexa will be connected to your server, so you don't need to deploy to Lambda anymore.

Since the process is using `nodemon`, making any changes to the code will automatically restart the server, so your changes will be reflected to Alexa immediately.

## Developer tasks

For more info, check `package.json` and [the aws-lambda-typescript documentation](https://github.com/balassy/aws-lambda-typescript#developer-tasks).

## What you can find in the code

The project contains the base structure of a project, with a dummy handler for the `LaunchRequest` intent which responds with `"Hello, world!"`.

## TODO

- Add example test, ideally with [lambda-tester](https://github.com/vandium-io/lambda-tester), but currently it doesn't have a Typescript definition
- Fix `devDependencies` being packaged as well

## Read more

- [aws-lambda-typescript](https://github.com/balassy/aws-lambda-typescript)
- [Serverless Reference](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/)
- [Serverless.yml Reference](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/serverless.yml/)

## License

Open sourced under the [MIT license](./LICENSE.md).
